Move Examples to Tests (#1673)
zenml-io/zenml: docs/book/user-guide/component-guide/model-deployers/bentoml.md

The ZenML integration will provision a local HTTP deployment server as a daemon process that will continue to run in the
background to serve the latest models and Bentos.

## How do you use it?

> In order to use the BentoML Model Deployer, we need to understand three main concepts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to use the BentoML Model Deployer, you need to have an understanding of the following three concepts:
```

Author: Good point, the original wording was quite bad here. I rephrased this entirely 👍
